#Code Book for TidyData.txt

VARIABLE NAME           |CLASS  |DESCRIPTION
----------------        |-------|---------------
Subject                 |Factor |Test subject ID
Activity                |Factor	|Activity performed by subject
tBodyAcc-mean()-X       |Numeric|Mean body acceleration in the X direction
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y       |Numeric|Mean body acceleration in the Y direction
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z       |Numeric|Mean body acceleration in the Z direction
tBodyAcc-std()-X        |Numeric|Standard deviation of body acceleration in X dir
tBodyAcc-std()-Y        |Numeric|Standard deviation of body acceleration in Y dir
tBodyAcc-std()-Z        |Numeric|Standard deviation of body acceleration in Z dir
tGravityAcc-mean()-X    |Numeric|Mean gravity acceleration in X direction
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y    |Numeric|Mean gravity acceleration in Y direction
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z    |Numeric|Mean gravity acceleration in Z direction
tGravityAcc-std()-X     |Numeric|Std dev of gravitaty acceleration in X direction
tGravityAcc-std()-Y     |Numeric|Std dev of gravitaty acceleration in Y direction
tGravityAcc-std()-Z     |Numeric|Std dev of gravitaty acceleration in Z direction
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X   |Numeric|Mean body jerk acceleration in X direction
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y   |Numeric|Mean body jerk acceleration in Y direction 
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z   |Numeric|Mean body jerk acceleration in Z direction
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X    |Numeric|Std dev of body jerk acceleration in X direction
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y    |Numeric|Std dev of body jerk acceleration in Y direction
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z    |Numeric|Std dev of body jerk acceleration in Z direction
tBodyGyro-mean()-X      |Numeric|Mean body movement from gyroscope in X direction
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y      |Numeric|Mean body movement from gyroscope in Y direction
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z      |Numeric|Mean body movement from gyroscope in Z direction
tBodyGyro-std()-X       |Numeric|Std dev body movement from gyroscope in X dir
tBodyGyro-std()-Y       |Numeric|Std dev body movement from gyroscope in Y dir
tBodyGyro-std()-Z       |Numeric|Std dev body movement from gyroscope in Z dir
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X  |Numeric|Mean body jerk from gyroscope in X direction
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y  |Numeric|Mean body jerk from gyroscope in Y direction
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z  |Numeric|Mean body jerk from gyroscope in Z direction
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X   |Numeric|Std dev body jerk from gyroscope in X direction
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y   |Numeric|Std dev body jerk from gyroscope in Y direction
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z   |Numeric|Std dev body jerk from gyroscope in Z direction
tBodyAccMag-mean()      |Numeric|Mean magnitude of body acceleration
tBodyAccMag-std()       |Numeric|Std deviation of magnitude of body acceleration
tGravityAccMag-mean()   |Numeric|Mean magnitude of gravity acceleration
tGravityAccMag-std()    |Numeric|Std dev of magnitude of gravity acceleration
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()  |Numeric|Mean magnitude of jerk acceleration
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()   |Numeric|Std deviation of magnitude of jerk acceleration
tBodyGyroMag-mean()     |Numeric|Mean magnitude of body movement from gyroscope
tBodyGyroMag-std()      |Numeric|Std dev of magnitude of movement from gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean() |Numeric|Mean magnitude of jerk from gyroscope
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()  |Numeric|Std dev of magnitude of jerk from gyroscope
fBodyAcc-mean()-X       |Numeric|Mean body acceleration in X direction (FFT)
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y       |Numeric|Mean body acceleration in Y direction (FFT)
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z       |Numeric|Mean body acceleration in Z direction (FFT)
fBodyAcc-std()-X        |Numeric|Std dev of body acceleration in X direction (FFT)
fBodyAcc-std()-Y        |Numeric|Std dev of body acceleration in Y direction (FFT)
fBodyAcc-std()-Z        |Numeric|Std dev of body acceleration in Z direction (FFT)
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X   |Numeric|Mean body jerk acceleration in X direction (FFT)
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y   |Numeric|Mean body jerk acceleration in Y direction (FFT)
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z   |Numeric|Mean body jerk acceleration in Z direction (FFT)
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X    |Numeric|Std dev of body jerk acceleration in X dir (FFT)
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y    |Numeric|Std dev of body jerk acceleration in Y dir (FFT)
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z    |Numeric|Std dev of body jerk acceleration in Z dir (FFT)
fBodyGyro-mean()-X      |Numeric|Mean body movement from gyroscope in X dir (FFT)
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y      |Numeric|Mean body movement from gyroscope in Y dir (FFT)
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z      |Numeric|Mean body movement from gyroscope in Z dir (FFT)
fBodyGyro-std()-X       |Numeric|Std dev of movement from gyroscope in X dir (FFT)
fBodyGyro-std()-Y       |Numeric|Std dev of movement from gyroscope in Y dir (FFT)
fBodyGyro-std()-Z       |Numeric|Std dev of movement from gyroscope in Z dir (FFT)
fBodyAccMag-mean()      |Numeric|Mean magnitude of body acceleration (FFT)
fBodyAccMag-std()       |Numeric|Std dev of magnitude of body acceleration (FFT)
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()|Numeric|Mean magnitude body jerk accel (FFT)
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()|Numeric|Std dev of magnitude body jerk accel (FFT)
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean() |Numeric|Mean magnitude of body movement from gyros (FFT)
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()  |Numeric|Std dev of magnitude of movement from gyro (FFT)
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()|Numeric|Mean magnitude of jerk from gyroscope (FFT)
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()|Numeric|Std dev of magnitude of jerk from gyro (FFT)

*FFT denotes Fast Fourier Transform was applied to these signals*